CIS121 Lab Handouts (MOVED TO PRIVATE GIT REPOSITORY)
===================

Repository for storing and updating lab (recitation) materials for [CIS121: Data Structures and Algorithms With Java](https://www.seas.upenn.edu/~cis121) at the University of Pennsylvania.

#Setup
Install TeX Live onto your machine. For OSX, install MacTeX. Make sure that you have command-line access set up.

`git clone` this repository onto your local machine.

`cd` into the directory.

Use the command:

``
xelatex --shell-escape <filename>.tex
``

to compile your TeX file as a PDF.

**You must use XeLaTeX and the shell-escape flag.**

##Command-Line Editing
Navigate to a module's directory (e.g. `lab01/`) and edit the `partial.tex` file using your favorite text editor.

For a quick preview you can run XeLaTeX directly on the `full.tex` file or run the `generate-module` script.

##TeXShop (OSX)
If you want to use TeXShop to edit your modules TeX (with fancy preview), you'll need to modify the default XeLaTeX command.

Edit the file `~/Library/TeXShop/Engines/XeLaTeX.engine` with your favorite text-editor.

Change the line reading `xelatex [...] "$1"` by adding the flag for `--shell-escape`.

``xelatex [...] --shell-escape "$1"``

Now compile the module's `full.tex` file using XeLaTeX. Voila!

*Note: You should edit the `partial.tex` file and preview the `full.tex` output.*

#Scripts
Various utility scripts are provided for convenience.

##Cleanup
To quickly remove the miscellaneous .aux, .log, etc. files generated by LaTeX, run the cleanup script:

``
sh scripts/clean.sh
``

If you want to remove miscellaneous PDF files in all subdirectories, run `cleanall`:

``
sh scripts/cleanall.sh
``

Note that the `cleanall` script does not remove PDFs from the `dist/` folder.

##Module Generation
The project hierarchy is as follows. Individual modules (for each lab) are given their own folder inside `./modules`. Each module has a `partial.tex` file which is **required**.

To generate an in-directory PDF of a specific module, run the following command from the top-directory:

``
sh scripts/generate-module.sh
``
and pass in the directory name of the module.

##Generate All
To generate all modules as individual PDFs in the `dist/` directory, run:

``
sh scripts/generate-all.sh
``

This script will override files and can be unsafe, so be careful. Also, it is not very useful in debugging individual TeX compilation errors. You will have to individually compile files to do so.

#Miscellaneous

##Images
If when adding PNG type images to a .tex file, you get an error on compilation:
``
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
``

, then you can run the `strip-images` script in the `scripts` directory to fix the images.

#Contributing
Please submit a pull request when making contributions. Thank you.
